# Maer
A Python script designed to run paylaods nearly undetected (trojan horse), disguised by a simple survival text game. Detected by 1/65 vendors (DeepInstinct) on VirusTotal with full payload.

# DISCLAIMER
*FOR EDUCATIONAL USE ONLY. USE ONLY ON YOUR OWN PERSONAL DEVICES. I AM NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR ACTIONS CAUSED BY THIS SCRIPT. BY DOWNLOADING AND USING THIS REPOSITORY YOU TAKE FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ACTIONS COMMITTED*

# Requirements:
-Pyinstaller (to compile scripts)

-Python 3.10 or higher

-My block encryption program

-A blank payload and blank key file are included to help with understanding the file layout.

# Steps
1. Download this repository
2. Download the block encryption repository
3. Write/place script into 'Data' folder, named as "CharacterSet.py". Any functions within your script must be placed inside in "def main():" with no call to "main()"
4. Copy ANY used imports from your script into the top of "HelperModule.py". Failure to do this may generate "Failure to import" errors at runtime.
5. Rename "CharacterSet.py" to "CharacterSet.txt"
6. Use block encryption to generate a private key
7. Place private key labeled as "WeightedValues.txt" into the "Data" folder
8. Use the block encryption program (level 3) to encrypt "CharacterSet.txt"
9. Use Pyinstaller to compile "Game.py" and "HelperModule.py"
10. Place all files generated in the respective 'dist' folders into the same directory as the respective python files
11. Delete Game.py, HelperModule.py, and any folders generated by Pyinstaller during compilation
12. Run 'Game.exe'
